Resolution to problem with Linux $PATH variable not being populated correctly in some distributions (#880)
MicrosoftDocs/WSL: WSL/compare-versions.md

Project files that you are working with using a WSL distribution (like Ubuntu) must be in the Linux root file system to take advantage of faster file system access.

> ### Accsess the Linux file system and run Windows commands inside distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Access the Linux file system and run Windows commands inside distribution
```

> ### Accsess the Linux file system and run Windows commands inside distribution

Reviewer: Blocking this based on the suggested changes and the fact that this content is in the `compare-versions.md` doc but doesn't compare the WSL versions.

You can access your Linux root file system with Windows apps and tools like File Explorer.

> All currently running distributions (`wsl -l`) are accessible via network connection. To get there run a coomand \[WIN+R\] keyboard shortcut or type in File Explorer adress bar `\\wsl$` to find respective disto names and access their root file systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All currently running distributions (`wsl -l`) are accessible via network connection. To get there run a command \[WIN+R\] keyboard shortcut or type in File Explorer address bar `\\wsl$` to find respective ditto names and access their root file systems.
```

> You can also use windows commands inside wsl Linux [Terminal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_console). Try opening a Linux distribution (ie Ubuntu), be sure that you are in the Linux home directory by entering this command: `cd ~`. Then open your Linux file system in File Explorer by entering *(don't forget the period at the end)*: `explorer.exe .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use windows commands inside WSL's Linux [Terminal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_console). Try opening a Linux distribution (ie Ubuntu), be sure that you are in the Linux home directory by entering this command: `cd ~`. Then open your Linux file system in File Explorer by entering *(don't forget the period at the end)*: `powershell.exe /c start .`
```
